Hahahaha
It's like a dream!
Less than half a day
Qingcheng Group actually invested in the shares
Let's be a major shareholder
Specifically specified that you should be the president
Grandpa
Who exactly do you want to help solve this matter?
You'll find out soon enough.
Fang Chen
old man
The problem has been settled.
My wedding to Yunyan
It's time to choose a good day
Let you come over today
I want you to draw a line with Yunyan
What happened before is rotten in the stomach
Stop pestering him
You hit me in the face before and you're still hiding it
What's the matter with grandpa?
It's not about what happened to Mei Fang
Don't you care about him?
shut up
I don't have your say here
Shameless
I've never seen you so shameless
If I hadn't come forward
I asked my good brother, Young Master Feng, for help
The Xiao family has been completely destroyed this time
Do you understand?
This siege
It's my grandson and the emperor
It has nothing to do with your walk-on
Now.
Xiao Ming hit him